.TH wut 7
.SH NAME
wut \- your friendly neighbourhood cheatsheet organizer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wut
[\fI OPTIONS \fR]
[\fI SUBJECT \fR]
[\fI NOTE \fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wut
is a simple cheatsheet organizer. Notes are stored inside \fI~/.wut\fR and
can easily be pushed to a git repository, \fBwut\fR will create the commits for you.
If neither \fIOPTIONS\fR nor \fISUBJECT\fR has been given, \fBwut\fR will show
a tree of available sheets, subjects and notes. If a \fISUBJECT\fR is given without
\fIOPTIONS\fR, \fBwut\fR will show the contents of all notes within that subject. If
an argument - which is not a subject - is given without options, \fBwut\fR will
search all notes for the given term.
\fBwut\fR will load its configuration from \fI/etc/wut.conf\fR, please check it
out as wut can be configured to make your life really easy.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Add a note explaining the standard operating procedure for burning servers.
\fBwut -a Office SOPs myserverisonfire\fR
.TP
Search for a given term.
\fBwut ssh\fR
.TP
Show the notes for a given subject.
\fBwut python\fR
.TP
Show info about the git remotes of the wut database.
\fBwut --git remote -v\fR
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-init
Initialize workspace. This will create a folder - located in your home folder -
in which all the sheets, history and git data will be stored. If \fBgit\fR is
installed, a repository will be initialized within the folder.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-list
List notes.
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-add\fR\ [\fIsheet\fR]\ [\fIsubject\fR]\ [\fInote\fR]
Add a new note. If either \fIsheet\fR, \fIsubject\fR or \fInote\fR is not
passed as an argument, wut will ask for them. Previous values for these
parameters will be used as default.
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-edit\fR\ [\fIsheet\fR]\ [\fIsubject\fR]\ [\fInote\fR]
Edit an existing note. If either \fIsheet\fR, \fIsubject\fR or \fInote\fR is not
passed as an argument, wut will ask for them. Previous values for these
parameters will be used as default.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-delete\ \fIsheet\fR\ [\fIsubject\fR\ [\fInote\fR]]
Delete a sheet, subject or note.
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-git\ \fIgit-command-args\fR
If the sheet store is a git repository, execute a git command specified by
git-command-args.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show the program help.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show version information.
.SH AUTHOR
.B wut
was written by Joris Hartog.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR git (1)
